# Preview
This project is a voice recognition website that gave me the first introduction to speech recognition, AI and ML. Even though I didn't code the speech recognition software, I still gained valuable insight into how speech recognition worked. Even though I didn't code up the speech recongition of the website, I coded up the front end and back end of the website, debugging though the console logs, using a few APIs, writing methods in Javascript, and styling the website using HTML and CSS. 

# Initial Discoveries
I first cloned the Annyang Github repo so that I can customize their website so that it fitted my needs. I first tested out the functionalities of the speech recognition and realized that when I spoke, the website to log what I said to the website's console at a pretty good accuracy. That helped me debug and helped me write my functions. My inputs for my functions were through the console. Then I listed out what I wanted my website to do, given specific speech inputs. I ended up with 4 things: setting a timer, telling me the weather of a location and pinpointing that location on Google Maps, a simple calculator, and telling me a joke (because sometimes we all need one). 

# Timer/Clock Functionalities
I discovered that I can use Java switch statements to return different functions. For this function, when the user said "Set a ____ minute/second/hour timer" the switch statement would run the timer function. Then, I used Javascript's own timer function to implement the timer function so that it would output an alert. However, I noticed a couple of inklings. When testing the function out, I noticed that sometimes when I said an input, such as "Set a one minute timer" versus "Set a three minute timer", the speech recognition software would log it as a word "One" versus a number "3". I addressed it so that the input was always a number, so that the Javascript function would be able to directly take the imput in. I also thought this was too simple, so I grabbed an world clock API and put that on the site as well, making sure with HTML/CSS that it was in the right section. 

# Weather/Location Query
This function was a little harder to code up. Like the first function, I added into the switch statement that said that if the input was "How's the weather in ____?" it would run this function. I grabbed the locatino from the input than ran it into a weather API. However, the weather API told me not only the temperature, which is what I cared about, but the humidity, wind, and many other things that I didn't need. So I cut it down into the part that I needed, which was the current temperature, the high, and the low of the day. Then, I outputted that using HTML and CSS to make it look more visually appealing. I also inputted that location into the Google Maps API so that it would zoom into the location on the website when the user said the specific phrase. 

# Joke Randomization
This function was relatively easy, but I just made it for my own satisfaction. Whenever the user said "Tell me a joke", the joke API that I got jokes from would randomize a joke and output it. 

# HTML/CSS
I create 4 boxes, one upper left, one lower left, one upper right, and one lower right, and made each box a different color. Then, I put in each box different function intro and told the user what to say in order to get the speech recognition to work. Then I added in the Google Maps API and the world clock API into their respective positions. Lastly, I created a banner at the top of the website that was the name of my project with a background image. 
